content/security.md, before:

# Security Policy Statement

We understand that the integrity and operational stability of our
services is important to our users and partners. Our goal is to
ensure that our systems are protected from unauthorized use and
remain accessible 99.9% of the time.

### Reporting A Security Issue

Please contact us at security@seeclickfix.com if you believe you
have identified a security problem or concern.

### Data Centers

Our data center providers employ a variety of physical and system
security practices. Please see their policy statements for details:

* Linode: https://www.linode.com/security
* AWS: https://aws.amazon.com/security
* Heroku: https://www.heroku.com/policy/security

### System Security

* Our server software is updated regularly to minimize exposure to security problems.
* We monitor various security announcement lists in order to respond quickly to any vulnerabilities.
* Systems are accessible to engineers only on an as needed basis.
* Our software is revision controlled and can be used to recreate our systems as needed for scaling, repairs, or disaster recovery.
* Our systems have restricted visibility to the Internet via firewall mechanisms.
* We support SSL encryption on all our services including integrations with remote systems.

### Redundancy and Backups

* We have redundant systems online or readily available for all our core services.
* Our database is replicated in real time providing a warm-backup system in the event the primary database fails.
* Additional database backups are made every four hours and stored in a geographically separate data center.

### Employee Access

Internal access to systems and services is limited to those employees
who need access to complete their job and utilize individual accounts,
secure logins, and in some cases, 2-factor authentication.

Commit message:

Adding fingerprint and public key

content/security.md, after:

# Security Policy Statement

We understand that the integrity and operational stability of our
services is important to our users and partners. Our goal is to
ensure that our systems are protected from unauthorized use and
remain accessible 99.9% of the time.

### Reporting A Security Issue

Please contact us at security@seeclickfix.com if you believe you
have identified a security problem or concern.  You may send us encrypted or unencrypted emails.

Fingerprint: B345 ECDA AD0D 55A7 EDD3  4F00 2410 6507 3518 AD68

[Public Key](/public-key)

### Data Centers

Our data center providers employ a variety of physical and system
security practices. Please see their policy statements for details:

* Linode: https://www.linode.com/security
* AWS: https://aws.amazon.com/security
* Heroku: https://www.heroku.com/policy/security

### System Security

* Our server software is updated regularly to minimize exposure to security problems.
* We monitor various security announcement lists in order to respond quickly to any vulnerabilities.
* Systems are accessible to engineers only on an as needed basis.
* Our software is revision controlled and can be used to recreate our systems as needed for scaling, repairs, or disaster recovery.
* Our systems have restricted visibility to the Internet via firewall mechanisms.
* We support SSL encryption on all our services including integrations with remote systems.

### Redundancy and Backups

* We have redundant systems online or readily available for all our core services.
* Our database is replicated in real time providing a warm-backup system in the event the primary database fails.
* Additional database backups are made every four hours and stored in a geographically separate data center.

### Employee Access

Internal access to systems and services is limited to those employees
who need access to complete their job and utilize individual accounts,
secure logins, and in some cases, 2-factor authentication.
